Adding new concepts and procedures for Multi CV hosts and AKs (#3609)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_assigning-content-view-environments-to-hosts-by-using-subscription-manager.adoc

[id="assigning-content-view-environments-to-hosts-by-using-subscription-manager"]
= Assigning content view environments to hosts by using Subscription Manager

> To assign content view environments to hosts by using Subscription Manager, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign content view environments to hosts by using Subscription Manager.
```

.CLI procedure
. Display the available environments and identify which ones to pass in:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----

> $ subscription-manager environments --list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# subscription-manager environments --list
```

Jeremy said that SM needs root. **All SM commands.**

> . Run the `subscription-manager environments --list` command on a host to display the available environments and identify which ones to pass in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Display the available environments and identify which ones to pass in:
```
Don't duplicate the command in the step.

Please, fix this for **all steps in all modules**.

> subscription-manager environments --list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ subscription-manager environments --list
```
We usually prefix commands either with `$` to denote that users don't need root privileges to run the command, or with `#` to denote that users need root.

Please, check with a SME and add the character to all commands in this module accordingly.

Reviewer 2: All `subscription-manager` commands would need root. (I don't think hammer needs root? but look elsewhere and do whatever we do for all the Hammer commands ;)

Reviewer: @bangelic Jeremy says that SM needs root, which means that the prefix should be `#` for all SM commands. Please, fix that.

----
. Set the content view environments for the host using `subscription-manager`:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----

> # subscription-manager environments --set Library/cv1,Library

Reviewer 3: Is this correct? Doesn't it always need to be in the `<lce>/<cv>` format?

Reviewer 2: `Library` is the only exception to that. It's special ;)

Reviewer 3: Ok, gotcha, I guess this part relates to it
```
= Content view environment categories

The content view environments available in your organization fall into the following categories:

Library environment::
{Project} assigns the Library environment to represent the Library lifecycle environment and the *Default Organization View* content view.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes exactly! :100:
